Write a short report in the file that addresses the following points:

In your foods-api API, describe the role of the following elements:
app.use(express.json())
req.body
req.query
req.params.id

Describe the significance of using different HTTP methods (e.g., GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) in your API. 
How do they relate to CRUD operations?
Explain the meaning of these HTTP status codes:
200 OK
201 Created
400 Bad Request
404 Not Found
500 Internal Server Error

app.use(express.json()) is an Express.js middleware used to parse incoming json objects from 
requests into javascript objects. 
req.body contains the data from the request body of POST or PUT requests, which is used 
to create new food items or update existing food items.
req.query contains the data from the URL query string of the request, which is used to 
filter the foods by name and subsequently all their data. 
req.params.id contains the dynamic route parameter values from the url, which is used to 
update or delete food items through PUT or Delete requests by their food ID.

HTTP Methods is what defines the type of action the client wants to perform, with each 
HTTP method corresponding to a CRUD operation. 
The CRUD operation "Create" represents the POST HTTP Method, and is used in the app.js to 
create food items to be stored in the foods array. 
The CRUD operation "Read" represents the GET HTTP Method, and is used in the app.js to 
retrieve food items stored in the foods array. 
The CRUD operation "Update" represents the PUT HTTP Method, and is used in the app.js to 
update a food item stored in the foods array by its ID. 
The CRUD operation "Delete" represents the DELETE HTTP Method, and is used in the app.js 
to delete a food item stored in the foods array by its ID. 

200 - HTTP request's response was successful.
201 - The HTTP request was fulfilled and the server successfully created a new resource.
400 - Server unable to return a valid response due to a client side error.
404 - Server cannot find the resource requested by the client, or sometimes by website 
misconfiguration.
500 - Server encountered an unexpected error and hence cannot fulfill the request. 